typical and shot goes up so everyone
garima and ref would if we do that will
give us a chance or do you have to
personally prepare for us and those size
mismatches to that kicked me out favor
yourself just I really kind of know what
to expect
again you know Bergen is big but they
don't just throw the ball to him I just
let him play one for you know I'm saying
big big rock well he was checking on ya
did you see all that they just don't let
them down the ball and just play one on
one you know so you know as a team we
have to be prepared to keep these guys
off the glass once y'all just message
for rebound there you know i don't i
don't see the gracious smiling kassala
by today is becoming taxi wearing
glasses no just idea we've been out here
five or six days go home my technical an
official coming in your direction about
picking a more welcoming I'm not worried
about is that something that's not
worried about it out a little bit enough
I've always been a good basketball
player I always will i get paid to do I
stand against why y'all here are some
questions about how do you feel about
your place in for the first four games
he could be better you know the first
two games I wasn't on the court got the
up I mean so you x those out I you
know
well he can be better the game left to
play you know 50 5 and five again we're
in LA and you got the same you had a
great game I'm being a hero again ways
series gonna kind of go up in debt you
know one day Ray Allen set a record
thanks dad you guys are probably coming
right hand and ask him what happened
begin ok so that's the way an awesome
idea that's the story behind these
series as always a story has to be a
story behind the service obviously you
guys said you understand that lake
effect the psycho fans jus accardo and
at the story always but I always
shouldn't be because even if we have if
we don't play a game God's sake well
they really leave model one so I'm still
part of the story all right they playing
good or playing back that's just product